Tiny things do matter

Speaking of happiness, the scenes of receiving career commitment awards, winning
competitions, or achieving outstanding academic results would probably conjure
up in our heads. All these indeed make us feel satisfied and even overwhelmed.
After all, these bulk achievements are just creating fleeing moments of
happiness. To reach the consistent state of contentment, we have to pay more
attention to the little things happening in our lives.

When you pay attention to tiny decent events, your mood can be altered, and
hence keeping us contented. For instance, events as minor as having a coffee
shop barista spelling your name correctly can enhance your humour for the day
(Since they often misspell customers‘ names). It is significant to have
gratitude towards every tiny fortune and appreciate the small details happening
in your everyday life that you often take them for granted. Besides, misfortunes
in life are inevitable, yet a positive mindset can be developed to help you look
at the unpleasant affairs while focusing on the brighter side. With positivity
and thankfulness developed, you will rarely consider yourself as hapless; it can
definitely help you regulate emotions.

You might wonder: What can be done to create pleasant moments in life? Here are
some little actions I would take to gain a sense of satisfaction which improves
my state of mind. I would try to go to bed at least half an hour earlier than my
usual schedule from time to time. Once I finish my work of the day, I would try
my best to fit into the ideal bedtime schedule. If I succeed, I will feel so
refreshed and satisfied the next morning. Notably for school days, I’ll feel
energetic and have extra motivation to study. In addition, another seemingly
minor yet essential procedure is to have breakfast. It isn’t necessary to be a
substantial one, but having a small bun or a few spoons of congee is already
adequate enough to become a mental support. It makes me feel that I can acquire
knowledge more effectively in lessons. These little tips mentioned above were
just procedures that are effortless to do, yet they can make me so contented
eventually. They are very worthwhile to be doing.

To have more gratitude towards minute life issues, you can spend five to ten
minutes before bed to recall every small moment happened or actions you tried to
take that you appreciate. You are also advised to write a gratitude journal. You
can type it out on a gratitude journal app or diary app to records details of
the day if you find writing on conventional diaries time-consuming.  You will
gradually realise there are many minute events in life that seem to be
negligible, but in fact, they matter and mean a whole lot more than you thought.
It will be gratifying to read all the small issues accumulated.

To conclude, little things in life may sound trivial and inessential, but they
really are far from that. You should bear this in mind: Tiny events can still
bring you paramount of contentment. If you often find yourself in dismay,  this
is might be a good method to get rid of frustration.
